Fix mobile iGPU table (#129)
dortania/OpenCore-Install-Guide: config-laptop.plist/coffee-lake.md

When setting up your iGPU, the table below should help with finding the right values to set. Here is an explanation of some values:

* **AAPL,ig-platform-id**
  * This is used internally for setting up the iGPU
* **Port Count**
  * The number of displays supported

Generally follow these steps when setting up your iGPU properties. Follow the configuration notes below the table if they say anything different:

1. When initially setting up your config.plist, only set AAPL,ig-platform-id - this is normally enough
2. If you boot and you get no graphics acceleration (7MB VRAM and solid background for dock), then you likely need to try different AAPL,ig-platform-id values add stolenmem patches or even add a device-id

| AAPL,ig-platform-id | Port Count | Comment |
| ------------------- | ---------- | ------- |
| **0900A53E** | 3 | Recommended value for Coffee Lake(8th gen) UHD630 |
| **00009B3E** | 3 | Recommended value for Comet Lake(10th gen) UHD620 |

#### Configuration Notes

> * For `UHD630` you likely do not need to fake the `device-id` as it is already `8086:3E9B`. If it's anything else, you may use `device-id`=`3E9B0000`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For `UHD630` you likely do not need to fake the `device-id` as it is already `3E9B`. If it's anything else, you may use `device-id`=`9B3E0000`:
```

  * You can check under Device Manager in Windows by bring up the iGPU, opening properties, selecting details, and clicking Hardware IDs.

| Key | Type | Value |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| device-id | Data | 9B3E0000 |
  

> * An `UHD620` in a Comet Lake CPU **requires** `device-id`=`3E9B0000`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An `UHD620` in a Coffee Lake CPU **requires** `device-id`=`9B3E0000`:
```
